I long to fix myself I want to create a
world without weakness anyone care to
venture a guess just how yes stem cells
promising but the solution I'm thinking
of is more radical no.1 cross-species
genetics
person gets Parkinson's when the brain
cells that produce dopamine start to
disappear but zebrafish has the ability
to regenerate cells on command you can
somehow give this ability to the woman
you're talking about that's that she's
she's curing herself yeah you just have
to look past the gills on her neck
and you are
he's one of Midtown Sciences best and
brightest he's second in his class Oh
second you sure about that